Create openmetrics.md (#113)
huggingface/hf-endpoints-documentation: docs/source/guides/openmetrics.md

# Create an integration with Endpoints Metrics API

**This feature is currently in Beta. You will need to be subscribed to Enterprise to take advantage of this feature.**

You now have the ability to integrate the metrics of your Endpoint(s) to your internal tool. 

> Utilizing OpenMetrics, you can create an integration to allow for a more granular view of your Endpoint's metrics in almost-real-time, showing latency distribution and HTTP requests per replica IDs, and status codes. CPU, Memory, and GPU usage metrics can be analyzed, also shown per replica.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Utilizing OpenMetrics, you can create an integration to allow for a more granular view of your Endpoint's metrics in almost-real-time, showing for example:
- requests grouped by replica
- latency distribution of requests
- hardware metrics for all accelerator types
```
